Adopt uv's AI policy (#22505)
rust-lang/rust-analyzer: AI_POLICY.md

> We support using AI (i.e., LLMs) as tools for coding.

Reviewer: To me, this sounds too much like encouraging the use of LLMs in general, so I would prefer something like

```suggestion
We allow using AI (i.e., LLMs) as tools for contributing to rust-analyzer.
```

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust-analyzer/22505/2eac062855a9606829da1ce9bbe4422c7cb4496b..8c961ad99233834400bdccba71e07289e9fb6e41)*

We support using AI (i.e., LLMs) as tools for coding. However, you remain
responsible for any code you publish and we are responsible for any code we
merge and release. We hold a high bar for all contributions to our projects.

**AI should not be used to generate comments when communicating with
maintainers**. We expect comments on our projects to be written by humans. We
may hide any comments that we believe are AI generated.

If you are opening an issue, we expect you to describe the problem in your own
words.

If you are opening a pull request, we expect you to be able to explain the
proposed changes in your own words. This includes the pull request body and
responses to questions. **Do not copy responses from the AI when replying to
questions from maintainers.**

Due to the foundational nature of our projects, we require a human in the loop

> who understands the work produced by AI. **We do not allow autonomous agents to

Reviewer 2: I think something like this would be better, for cases like "I asked Claude to fix a bug, then reviewed the changes and filed a PR myself", where Claude still works autonomously. But it's probably not worth deviating from the original policy, and it can mostly be inferred from context.

> **We do not allow autonomous agents to be used to open pull requests or issues to our projects**

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust-analyzer/22505/d1a54ad4f5e71d80b4e67966ef6294ff8eee09b6..29ed84c50b79ff871ed6d45c6fade7222be02816)*

Author: Yea I personally already read it with that meaning, but we can clarify this too imo.
